# lazyLady 🍷

Lazy Lady Security Scanner 


Lazy Lady is a powerful security scanner script written in Python. It automates the process of gathering information and performing various security scans on a target. It utilizes popular tools such as whois, nslookup, nmap, nikto, gobuster, wpscan, and xsstrike to provide comprehensive security assessments.
Features

    Target Selection: Enter the target URL or IP address to perform the security scans.
    Scan Modes: Choose between two scan modes: Safe Scan or Aggressive Scan.
    Output Organization: The script creates a timestamped output directory to store the scan results.
    Tool Installation: Automatically installs required tools if they are not already installed.
    API Token Support: Prompt for a Wpscan API Token before executing the wpscan command.
    Loading Bar: Displays a loading bar to indicate the progress of the scanning process.

Usage
    ### Step 1:
    Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/vinetsuicide/lazy-lady.git
    ### Step 2:
    Navigate to the project directory: cd lazy-lady
    ### Step 3:
    Install the required dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt
    ### Step 4:
    Run the script: python3 lazy_lady.py(Please run the script in sudo mode)
    ### Step 5:
    Enter the target to scan when prompted.
    ### Step 6:
    Choose the scan mode (Safe Scan or Aggressive Scan).
    ### Gett a token for wpscan
    If using the wpscan tool, enter your Wpscan API Token when prompted.
    
    Sit back and relax while the script performs the security scans.
    Once the scanning is completed, the scan results will be saved in a timestamped directory.
    Review the output files generated by each security tool in the respective directory.


Examples

Performing a Safe Scan:
